Item 1. Business—Competition" of this Form 10-K for a discussion of the competitive environment in the markets in which we operate. Many risks affect more than one category, and the risks are not in order of significance or probability of occurrence because they have been grouped by categories. The risks described below are not the only risks we face and the occurrence of any of the following risks or other risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could
 
have a materially adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or reputation.
LEGAL AND COMPLIANCE RISKS
Failure to comply with, compliance with or changes in, laws and regulations applicable to our businesses could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition, or have other adverse consequences
Our business is subject to a wide range of complex U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, the laws and regulations described in the “Industry Regulation” section in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Failure to comply with laws and regulations applicable to our operations or client solutions and services could cause us to incur substantial costs or could result in the suspension or revocation of licenses or registrations, the limitation, suspension or termination of services, the imposition of consent orders or civil and criminal penalties, including fines, and lawsuits,

--- CHUNK ---

loyees (
“
WSE”), including with respect to their wages and the payment thereof, tax credits for employers, the payment of certain taxes with respect to WSE wages and employee benefits provided to the WSEs. Even though PEO clients are contractually responsible for the timely remittance of such costs, it is possible that our clients will not remit such payments despite their contractual obligations. The risk of failing to receive such payments from PEO clients could be magnified during significant financial or other disruptions or catastrophic events, such as the failure of a bank with whom a significant number of PEO clients may bank at the time, or more widespread stress or failure within the U.S. banking system. Any such event could prevent or materially delay the recovery of any payments not timely remitted and could have an adverse impact on our financial results and liquidity.
In addition, our payroll and tax processing services involve the collection and disbursement of a significant amount of funds to a large number of federal, state and local tax authorities. Our failure to properly or timely remit taxes on behalf of our clients could result in fines, penalties and interest for which we could be responsible, and could materially adversely affect our reputation, results of operations or financial condition.
Our Wisely® offerings and potentially other future offerings in the payments and/or consumer space may subject us to additional laws and regulations, some of which 

--- CHUNK ---

cial institutions, including banks and money services businesses (such as national trust banks and providers of prepaid access like us), to develop and implement risk-based anti-money laundering programs, report large cash transactions and suspicious activity, and maintain transaction records. We have registered our prepaid card business as a provider of prepaid access, and registered ADP Trust Bank and ADP Retirement Trust Services with the Treasury Department’s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network. ADP Canada Co. is a registered entity with FINTRAC as a Money Service Business. In November 2024, ADP Canada Co. filed its application for registration with the Bank of Canada as a Payment Services Provider as defined and required under the Retail Payment Activities Act. 
We have implemented policies and procedures to monitor and address compliance with applicable anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions and anti-money laundering laws and regulations, and we regularly review, upgrade and enhance our policies and procedures. However, there can be no assurance that our employees, consultants or agents will not take actions in violation of our policies for which we may be ultimately responsible, or that our policies and 
procedures will be adequate or will be determined to be adequate by regulators. Any violations of applicable anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions or anti-money laundering laws or regulations could limit certain of our business activities until they are

--- CHUNK ---

of personal information for secondary purposes such as marketing. Under certain circumstances, some of these laws require us to provide notification to affected individuals, clients, data protection authorities and/or other regulators in the event of a data breach. In many cases, these laws apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information among the Company and its subsidiaries. The European Union (the “EU”) General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), and state consumer privacy laws like the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (the “CPRA”), are among the most comprehensive of these laws, and more and more jurisdictions are adopting similarly comprehensive laws that impose new data privacy protection requirements and restrictions. As part of our overall data protection compliance program in connection with the GDPR, we implemented Binding 
17
Corporate Rules (“BCRs”) as both a data processor and data controller, which permits us to process and transfer personal data across borders in compliance with EU data protection laws. In addition, the Department of Justice implemented a Data Security Program under Executive Order 14117 restricting certain transfers of U.S. persons’ sensitive data to “countries of concern” and we have taken appropriate steps to comply. 
We believe that providing insights and content from data, including via AI and ML, will become increasingly important to the 
value
 that our solutions and services deliver to our clie

--- CHUNK ---

/or future enforcement actions or investigations could have a materially adverse impact on us through increased costs or restrictions on our businesses and noncompliance could result in significant regulatory penalties and legal liability and damage our reputation. In addition, data security events, concerns about privacy abuses by other companies and increased awareness of the potential (positive and negative) of AI are changing client, consumer and social expectations for enhanced protections (including with respect to bias and potential discrimination). As a 
result, noncompliance, the failure to meet such expectations or the perception of noncompliance or such failure, whether or not valid, may damage our reputation.
If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights, it could materially adversely affect our business and our brand
Our ability to compete and our success depend, in part, upon our intellectual property. We rely on patent, copyright, trade secret and trademark laws, and confidentiality or license agreements with our employees, clients, vendors, partners and others to protect our intellectual property rights. We may need to devote significant resources, including cybersecurity resources, to monitoring our intellectual property rights. In addition, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property rights may be inadequate or ineffective, or may not provide us with a significant competitive advantage. Our intellectual property (including source code) co

--- CHUNK ---

itigation could be costly and time-consuming.
SECURITY AND TECHNOLOGY RISKS
Our businesses collect, host, store, transfer, process, disclose, use, secure, retain and dispose of personal and business information, and collect, hold and transmit client funds, and a security or privacy breach may damage or disrupt our businesses or operations, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation, increase our costs, cause losses and materially adversely affect our results of operations
In connection with our business, we collect, host, store, transfer, process, disclose, use, secure, retain and dispose of large amounts of personal and business information about our clients, employees of our clients, our vendors, our partners, and our employees, contractors and temporary staff, including payroll information, health care information, personal and business financial data, social security numbers and their foreign equivalents, bank account numbers, tax information and other personal and business information. We also collect significant amounts of funds from the accounts of our clients and transmit them to their employees, tax authorities and other payees.
We are focused on safeguarding and protecting personal and business information and client funds, and we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. Nonetheless, the global environment continues to grow increasingly hostile as attacks on information technology syste

--- CHUNK ---

r services that we develop or procure from authorized third parties, or are required by governmental or law enforcement agencies to install on our systems, may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could (or in respect of third party software, may be designed to) compromise the confidentiality, integrity or availability of data or our systems. Unauthorized parties have also attempted to gain (and in certain cases have gained), and will continue to attempt to gain, access to our systems and facilities, and those of our authorized third parties, through fraud, trickery, and other methods of deceit, including using stolen identities to obtain employment with us or our authorized third parties as well as phishing and other social engineering techniques whereby attackers use end-user behaviors to distribute computer viruses and malware into our systems, our authorized third parties’ systems or otherwise compromise the confidentiality, integrity or availability of data or our systems. As these threats continue to evolve and increase (including due to the use of AI), we continue to invest significant resources, and may be required to invest significant additional resources, to modify and enhance our cybersecurity controls and to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. In addition, as we become increasingly interconnected with our authorized third parties, the security risk of our networks and the larger ecosystem in which we operate is heigh

--- CHUNK ---

(which could include our personnel) with respect to our businesses or our authorized third parties’ businesses, or inadvertent acts or inactions by our authorized third parties or personnel, could result in the loss, disclosure or misuse of confidential personal or business information or our intellectual property or the theft of client or ADP funds, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business or results of operations or that of our clients, result in liability, litigation, regulatory investigations and sanctions or a loss of confidence in our ability to serve clients, or cause current or potential clients to choose another service provider. As the global environment continues to grow increasingly hostile, the security of our operating environment is ever more important to our clients and potential clients. As a result, the breach or perceived breach of our security systems or the security systems of our authorized third parties could result in a loss of confidence by our clients or potential clients and cause them to choose another service provider, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
While ADP maintains insurance coverage that, subject to policy terms and conditions and a significant self-insured retention, is designed to address losses or claims that may arise in connection with certain aspects of data and cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or 

--- CHUNK ---

ations.
A disruption of the data centers or cloud-computing or other technology services or systems that we utilize could have a materially adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition or results of operations
We host our applications and serve our clients with data centers that we operate, and with data centers that are operated, and cloud-computing and other technology services and systems that are provided, by third-party vendors. These data centers or cloud-computing and other technology services and systems have failed, become disabled or been disrupted, and may do so in the future. Any failure, disablement or disruption, even for a limited period of time, could disrupt our businesses or operations and we could suffer financial loss, liability to clients, loss of clients, regulatory intervention or damage to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. In addition, our third-party vendors may cease providing data center facilities or cloud-computing or other technology services or systems (including those on which our products or services are based), elect to not renew their agreements or licenses with us on commercially reasonable terms or at all, breach their agreements or licenses with us or fail to satisfy our expectations, which could disrupt our operations and require us to incur costs which could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial 

--- CHUNK ---

in the development of a product which could cause an impairment of goodwill or intangibles and result in a significant charge to earnings.
A major natural disaster or catastrophic event could have a materially adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition and results of operations, or have other adverse consequences
Our business, operations, financial condition, results of operations, access to capital markets and borrowing costs may be adversely affected by a major natural disaster or catastrophic event, including civil unrest, geopolitical instability, war, terrorist attack, pandemics or other (actual or threatened) public health emergencies, extreme weather, such as droughts, hurricanes, flooding and wildfires (including as a result of climate change), or other events beyond our control, and measures taken in response thereto.
The COVID-19 outbreak created, and such other events may create, significant volatility and uncertainty and economic and financial market disruption. The extent of any such impact depends on developments which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the 
duration and scope of the event; the governmental and business actions taken in response thereto; actions taken by the Company in response thereto and the related costs; the impact on economic activity and employment levels; the effect on our clients, prospects, suppliers and partners; our ability to sell and provide our solutions and services, including due to trave