ITEM  1.    BUSINESS 
OUR BUSINESSES
Overview 
The terms “we,” “our,” “us,” “its,” “UnitedHealth Group,” or the “Company” used in this report refer to UnitedHealth Group Incorporated and its subsidiaries.
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated is a health care and well-being company with a mission to help people live healthier lives and help make the health system work better for everyone. Our two distinct, yet complementary businesses — Optum and UnitedHealthcare — are working to help build a modern, high-performing health system through improved access, affordability, outcomes and experiences for the individuals and organizations we are privileged to serve.
The ability to analyze complex data and apply deep health care expertise and insights allows us to serve patients, consumers, care providers, businesses, communities and governments with more innovative products and complete, end-to-end offerings for many of the biggest challenges facing health care today.
Optum seeks to create a higher-performing, value-oriented and more connected approach to health care. Bringing together clinical expertise, technology and data to make care simpler, more effective and more affordable, we seek to advance whole-person health, creating a seamless consumer experience and supporting clinicians with insights to deliver personalized, evidence-based care. Optum serves the broad health care marketplace, including patients and consumers, payers, care providers, employers, governments and life sciences 

--- CHUNK ---

by improving financial performance and enhancing outcomes through proactive analytics, a comprehensive payment integrity portfolio and technology-enabled and staff-supported risk and quality services. Optum Insight helps health plans navigate a dynamic environment defined by shifts in employer vs. public-sector coverage, the demand for affordable benefit plans and the need to leverage new technology to reduce complexity. 
State Governments. 
Provides advanced technology and analytics services to modernize the administration of critical safety net programs, such as Medicaid, while improving cost predictability. 
Life Sciences Companies. 
Combines data and analytics expertise with comprehensive technologies and health care knowledge to help life sciences companies, including those in pharmaceuticals and medical technology, adopt a more comprehensive approach to advancing therapeutic discoveries and improving clinical outcomes. 
2
Table of Contents
Many of Optum Insight’s software and information products and professional services are delivered over extended periods, often several years. Optum Insight maintains an order backlog to track unearned revenues under these long-term arrangements. The backlog consists of estimated revenue from signed contracts, other legally binding agreements and anticipated contract renewals based on historical experience with Optum Insight’s customers. Optum Insight’s aggregate backlog as of December 31, 2024 was approximately $32.8 billion, of which

--- CHUNK ---

Provides health care coverage for seniors and other eligible Medicare beneficiaries through the Medicare Advantage program administered by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS), including Medicare Advantage HMO plans, Preferred Provider Organization (PPO) plans, Point-of-Service plans, Private-Fee-for-Service plans and Special Needs Plans (SNPs). Under the Medicare Advantage program, UnitedHealthcare Medicare & Retirement provides health benefits coverage in exchange for a fixed monthly premium per member from CMS plus, in some cases, monthly consumer premiums. Premium amounts received from CMS vary based on the geographic areas in which individuals reside; demographic factors such as age, gender and institutionalized status; and the health status of the individual. UnitedHealthcare Medicare & Retirement served 7.8 million people through its Medicare Advantage products as of December 31, 2024.
We have continued to enhance our offerings, focusing on more digital and physical care resources in the home, expanding our concierge navigation services and enabling the home as a safe and effective setting for care. For example, through our HouseCalls program, nurse practitioners performed 2.9 million clinical preventive home care visits in 2024 to address unmet care opportunities and close gaps in care.
Medicare Part D.
 Provides Medicare Part D benefits to beneficiaries through its Medicare Advantage and stand-alone Medicare Part D plans. The stand-alone Medicare Part D

--- CHUNK ---

Provides a full range of supplemental products at diverse price points. These products cover various levels of coinsurance and deductible gaps to which seniors are exposed in the traditional Medicare program. UnitedHealthcare Medicare & Retirement served 4.3 million seniors nationwide through various Medicare Supplement products as of December 31, 2024. 
Premium revenues from CMS represented 40% of UnitedHealth Group’s total consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2024, most of which were generated by UnitedHealthcare Medicare & Retirement. 
4
Table of Contents
UnitedHealthcare Community & State
UnitedHealthcare Community & State is dedicated to serving state programs caring for the economically disadvantaged, the medically underserved and those without the benefit of employer-funded health care coverage, typically in exchange for a monthly premium per member from the state program. UnitedHealthcare Community & State’s primary customers oversee Medicaid plans, including Temporary Assistance to Needy Families; Children’s Health Insurance Programs (CHIP); Dual SNPs (DSNPs); Long-Term Services and Supports (LTSS); Aged, Blind and Disabled; and other federal, state and community health care programs. As of December 31, 2024, UnitedHealthcare Community & State participated in programs in 33 states and the District of Columbia, and served more than 7.4 million people; including 1.2 million people through Medicaid expansion programs in 20 states under the Patient Prote

--- CHUNK ---

Our insurance and HMO subsidiaries must be licensed by the jurisdictions in which they conduct business. All of the states in which our subsidiaries offer insurance and HMO products regulate those products and operations. The states require periodic financial reports and establish minimum capital or restricted cash reserve requirements. The National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) has adopted model regulations, which require expanded governance practices and risk and solvency assessment reporting. Most states have adopted these or similar measures to expand the scope of regulations relating to corporate governance and internal control activities of HMOs and insurance companies. We are required to maintain a risk management framework and file a confidential self-assessment report with state insurance regulators. We file reports annually with Connecticut, our lead regulator, and with New York, as required by the state’s regulation.
Our health plans and insurance companies are regulated under state insurance holding company regulations. Such regulations generally require registration with applicable state departments of insurance and the filing of reports describing capital structure, ownership, financial condition, certain affiliated transactions and general business operations. Most state insurance holding company laws and regulations require prior regulatory approval of acquisitions and material affiliated transfers of assets, as well as transactions between the

--- CHUNK ---

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
We have obtained trademark registration for the UnitedHealth Group, Optum and UnitedHealthcare names and logos. We own registrations for certain of our other trademarks in the United States and abroad. We hold a portfolio of patents and have patent applications pending from time to time. We are not substantially dependent on any single patent or group of related patents.
Unless otherwise noted, trademarks appearing in this report are trademarks owned by us. We disclaim any proprietary interest in the marks and names of others.
HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES
Our nearly 400,000 employees, as of December 31, 2024, including more than 140,000 clinical professionals, are guided by our mission to help people live healthier lives and help make the health system work better for everyone. Our mission and cultural values of integrity, compassion, inclusion, relationships, innovation, performance and quality align with our long-term business strategy to increase access to care, make care more affordable, enhance the care experience, improve health outcomes and advance health equity. Our mission and values attract individuals who are determined to make a difference – individuals whose talent, innovation, engagement and empowerment are critical in our ability to achieve our mission. 
We are committed to developing our people and culture by creating an inclusive environment where people of diverse talents, backgrounds, experiences and perspectives make us better. Our 

--- CHUNK ---

programs. We rely on a shared leadership framework, which clearly and objectively defines our expectations, enables an environment where everyone has the opportunity to learn and grow, and helps us identify, develop and deploy talent to help achieve our mission.
We prioritize pay equity by objectively and regularly evaluating and reviewing our compensation practices by performance, age, experience, gender, ethnicity and race. Receiving on-going feedback from our team members is another way to strengthen and reinforce a culture of inclusion. Our Employee Experience Index measures an employee’s sense of commitment and belonging to our company and is a metric in the Stewardship section of our annual incentive plan. Our Sustainability Report, which can be accessed on our website at www.unitedhealthgroup.com, provides further information about our people and culture.
8
Table of Contents
INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
The following sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers as of February 27, 2025, including the business experience of each executive officer during the past five years:
Name
Age
Position
Andrew Witty
60
Chief Executive Officer
John Rex
63
President and Chief Financial Officer
Heather Cianfrocco
51
Chief Executive Officer, Optum
Erin McSweeney
60
Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer
Timothy Noel
53
Chief Executive Officer, UnitedHealthcare
Thomas Roos
52
Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer
Christopher Zaetta
5

--- CHUNK ---

ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS
The statements, estimates, projections or outlook contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (PSLRA). When used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in future filings by us with the SEC, in our news releases, presentations to securities analysts or investors, and in oral statements made by or with the approval of one of our executive officers, the words “believe,” “expect,” “intend,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “forecast,” “outlook,” “plan,” “project,” “should” or similar words or phrases are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are intended to take advantage of the “safe harbor” provisions of the PSLRA. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties which may cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement in this report speaks only as of the date of this report and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances, including unanticipated events, after the date of this report.
The following discussion contains cautionary statements regarding our business, which investors and others should consider. We do not undertake to address in future filings with the SEC or other communications 

--- CHUNK ---

could be materially and adversely affected. 
Our businesses face significant competition in all of the markets in which we operate. In many geographies or product segments, our competitors have and may continue to have certain competitive advantages. Our competitive position may also be adversely affected by significant merger and acquisition activity in the industries in which we operate, among both our competitors and suppliers. Consolidation among competitors may make it more difficult for us to retain or increase our customer base, maintain or improve the terms on which we do business with our suppliers, or maintain or increase our profitability. 
In addition, our success in the health care marketplace and future growth depends on our ability to develop and deliver innovative and potentially disruptive products and services to satisfy evolving market demands. If we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services which are useful and relevant to health care payers, consumers and our customers, we may not remain competitive and risk losing market share to existing competitors and disruptive new market entrants. We may face risks from new technologies and market entrants which could affect our existing relationship with health plan enrollees in the affected markets. We could sustain competitive disadvantages and loss of market share if we fail to continue developing innovative care models, including by accelerating the transition of care to value-based models t

--- CHUNK ---

Even in states that have imposed caps on damages for such actions, litigants are seeking recoveries under theories of liability that might not be subject to the caps on damages. These actions involve significant defense costs and could result in substantial monetary damages or damage to our reputation. 
We cannot predict the outcome of significant legal actions in which we are involved. Even in situations where we engage external insurers, our coverage may be disputed or may not be sufficient to cover the entirety of certain claims. We incur expenses to resolve these matters and current and future legal actions could further increase our cost of doing business, require us to potentially change the way we conduct our business, and materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Moreover, certain legal actions could result in adverse publicity which could damage our reputation and materially and adversely affect our ability to retain our current business or grow our market share in some markets and businesses.
Our business could suffer, and our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected, if we fail to successfully manage our strategic alliances, or to complete, manage or integrate acquisitions and other significant strategic transactions or relationships.
As part of our business strategy, we frequently engage in discussions with third parties regarding possible investments, ac