ITEM 1. 
BUSINESS. 
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements provide our current expectations and projections relating to our financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance, and business. You can identify forward-looking statements as they do not relate to historical or current facts and by words such as “believe,” “expect,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “will,” “aim,” “should,” “plan,” “forecast,” “target,” “guide,” “project,” “intend,” “could,” and similar words or expressions. 
All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those that we expected. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations, or cautionary statements, and other important information about forward-looking statements are disclosed under Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” and Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations–Forward-Looking Statements,” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
As used herein, the terms “John Deere,” “we,” “us,” “our,” or “the Company” refer collectively to Deere & Company and its subsidiaries, unless designated or identified otherwise. All amounts are presented in

--- CHUNK ---

nd core values, and capitalize on opportunities that lie ahead by leveraging advanced technologies with our operational excellence. To drive these outcomes, we are focused on the following three pillars: 
Production Systems
. A strategic alignment of products and solutions around our customers’ production systems. Production systems refer to the series of steps our customers take to execute different tasks, operations, and projects to grow an agricultural product or execute a project. 
Technology Stack
. Investments in technology, as well as research and development, which deliver intelligent solutions to our customers through hardware and devices, embedded software, connectivity, data platforms, and applications. The technology stack leverages these core technologies across the enterprise, including digital capabilities, automation and machine learning, and autonomy. The stack has the potential to unlock economic and sustainable value for customers by optimizing jobs, strengthening decision-making, and better connecting the steps of a production system. 
Lifecycle Solutions
. The enterprise integration of our aftermarket and support capabilities to more effectively manage customer equipment, service, and technology needs across the full lifetime of a John Deere product, and with a specific lifecycle solution focus on the ownership experience. This integrated support seeks to enhance customer value through proactive and reactive support, easy access to parts, value-add servic

--- CHUNK ---

for production-scale growers of crops like large grains (such as corn and soy), small grains (such as wheat, oats, and barley), cotton, and sugarcane. Equipment manufactured and distributed by the segment includes four-wheel-drive (4WD)/track and row crop tractors, harvesters, cotton pickers, cotton strippers, sugarcane harvesters, sugarcane loaders, and related harvesting front-end equipment. In addition, the segment includes tillage, seeding, and application equipment, including sprayers and nutrient management, and soil preparation machinery, and related attachments and service parts.
We continue to invest in the development and production of advanced technology through integrated agricultural solutions and precision technologies across our portfolio of equipment. We believe our investments in precision technology will transform our farmers’ equipment into smarter, more efficient machines. 
We have developed a production system-level approach that helps us understand how customers operate, focusing on their costs, identifying the opportunities for them to reduce inputs, and to improve productivity, crop yields, and sustainability. Advancements such as precise global navigation satellite systems technology, advanced connectivity and telematics, on-board sensors and computing power, automation software, digital tools, applications, and analytics provide seamless integration of information designed to improve customer decision-making and job execution. 
Our advanced telematic

--- CHUNK ---

uding riding lawn equipment, commercial mowing equipment, golf course equipment, utility vehicles, implements for mowing, tilling, snow and debris handling, aerating, and other residential, commercial, golf, and sports turf care applications; and related attachments and service parts.
SAT equipment is sold primarily through independent retail dealer networks, although the segment also builds turf products for sale by mass retailers, including The Home Depot and Lowe’s. Our turf equipment is sold primarily in North American, Western European, and Australian markets.
In the small agriculture market, we are developing autonomous solutions, connectivity capabilities, and a path to electrifying our future by delivering a portfolio that helps current customers meet sustainability goals while finding innovative ways to serve new customers and unlock new markets for mechanization at scale. 
In addition to John Deere brand names, the table below provides a list of select SAT products and their associated brand names:
PRODUCT
BRAND NAME
Equipment
 
Attachments
Frontier, Kemper, GreenSystem, Smart Apply
Sprayers
GUSS
Aftermarket
 
and
 
Precision
 
Updates
A&I, Sunbelt Outdoor Products, Alternatives by John Deere, Frontier
Agriculture
 
and
 
Turf
 
Operations
Business Environment
. Sales of agricultural equipment are affected by total farm cash receipts, which reflect levels of farm commodity and protein prices, world grain stocks, acreage available and planted, crop yields, soil condi

--- CHUNK ---

U.S. and Europe and sugar cane in Brazil. This increased demand may increase the demand for agricultural equipment to be used in the production of such crops. In addition, policies and market drivers such as federal mandates requiring renewable fuel blending, and global regulations in regions and countries like Europe and Brazil, are expected to increase demand for renewable fuels. 
We also rely on the sale of small and mid-size tractors as part of our global business. Customers use these tractors for small and medium-sized farming and in specialty agricultural industries like dairy, livestock, and high value crops (e.g., orchards and vineyards). The majority of our mid-size tractors are manufactured and sold in Europe, while the majority of our small tractors are manufactured and sold in India. Retail sales of lawn and garden tractors, compact utility tractors, residential and commercial mowers, utility vehicles, and golf and turf equipment are influenced by the housing market, weather conditions, consumer spending patterns, and general economic conditions like unemployment, interest rates, and inflation.
Regions.
 Sales and marketing support for both the PPA and SAT segments is organized around four geographic regions: (1) Africa, Asia, and the Middle East; (2) Europe, and the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS); (3) Latin America and South America; and (4) U.S., Canada, and Australia. 
The majority of our sales occur in the U.S. and Canada; however, we continue to gro

--- CHUNK ---

rded as a percentage of the dealer price for eligible new equipment sales at the time of the new equipment settlement.
Retail demand for turf and utility equipment is normally higher in the second and third fiscal quarters based on weather, turf maintenance needs, landscaping projects, and sports and recreational facilities preparation. We have pursued a strategy of building and shipping such equipment as close to retail demand as possible. Consequently, to increase asset turnover and reduce the average level of field inventories throughout the year, production and shipment schedules of these product lines are normally proportionately higher in the second and third fiscal quarters of each year, corresponding closely to the seasonal pattern of retail
 sales. 
5

Table of Contents
Construction & Forestry 
Our CF segment is committed to meeting the need for smart and more sustainable solutions to help our customers meet industry challenges, including jobsite safety, a shortage of skilled labor, volatile input costs, reducing rework, maximizing uptime, and minimizing their environmental footprint. 
To address these challenges, we have delivered a portfolio of construction, roadbuilding, and forestry products with precision technology solutions. Our smart solutions such as SmartWeigh™, Smart Grade™, machine and system automation, and the John Deere Operations Center™, are designed to allow customers to complete more functions with fewer inputs, reduce rework and guesswork, and tra

--- CHUNK ---

stomers to closely track jobsite progress and provide visibility into fleet location, utilization, performance, and maintenance information. 
We have a number of initiatives in the rent-to-rent, or short-term rental, market for construction, earthmoving, roadbuilding, and material handling equipment. These include specially designed rental programs for our dealers and expanded cooperation with major national equipment rental companies. 
We own retail forestry sales operations in Australia, Brazil, Finland, Ireland, New Zealand, Norway, Sweden, and the United Kingdom. In addition, the Wirtgen Group sells its products primarily through company-owned sales and service subsidiaries in many markets worldwide (most significantly in Europe, India, and Australia). In most other geographies, we sell through an independent dealer channel. 
The prevailing levels of residential, commercial, and public construction, investment in infrastructure, and the condition of the forestry products industry influence retail sales of our construction, roadbuilding, and forestry equipment. General economic conditions, interest rates, uncertainty related to trade policies, government spending, the availability of credit, and certain commodity prices, such as those applicable to oil and gas, pulp, paper, and saw logs, also influence sales.
In addition to John Deere brand names, the table below provides a list of CF products and their associated brand names:
PRODUCT
BRAND NAME
Roadbuilding
 
Equipment
Wi

--- CHUNK ---

our parts and services are important for each of our equipment operations, as they are elements to overall customer satisfaction and our customers’ purchasing decisions. We supply parts, many of which are proprietary, to support the current product lines as well as products we have sold in the past. We also offer aftersales customer assistance programs that provide a range of maintenance and repair contracts, as well as warranty extension services, to cover a variety of customer needs and to support the equipment’s value over time. 
Our precision technology is integrated into our equipment as well as offered as aftermarket parts of retrofit solutions through our dealer network and owner support tools sold through our e-commerce John Deere Store. We support our connected machines, which integrate technology with our equipment through our John Deere Operations Center™ with service alerts, operator insights, and predictive repairs and maintenance. 
Manufacturing and Assembly
Our global manufacturing footprint allows us whenever possible to produce our products close to the markets where they are sold. For example, most of our large agricultural equipment is assembled in the U.S. for our U.S. customers.
Common manufacturing processes and techniques are used in producing components for PPA, SAT, and CF equipment sold by us and our dealers. The equipment operations also pursue external sales of selected parts that can be manufactured and supplied to third parties on a competitive b

--- CHUNK ---

iness, and our brand. We believe that our rights under these patents and licenses are important to our operations and competitive position but do not regard any of our businesses as being dependent upon any single patent or family of patents. 
See Item 1A Risk Factors, “Legal and Regulatory Compliance Risks
—
Our business could be adversely affected by the infringement or loss of intellectual property rights” for more information.
7

Table of Contents
Sales and Distribution 
Through the U.S. and Canada, we market products to approximately 2,050 independent dealer locations. Of these, approximately 1,600 sell agricultural equipment, while approximately 450 sell construction, earthmoving, material handling, roadbuilding, compact construction, and/or forestry equipment. In addition, roadbuilding equipment is sold at approximately 100 roadbuilding-only locations that may carry products that compete with our construction, earthmoving, material handling, and/or forestry equipment. Turf equipment is sold at most John Deere agricultural equipment locations, a few construction and forestry locations, and about 260 turf-only locations. In addition, certain lawn and garden and compact construction products are sold through The Home Depot and Lowe’s.
Outside the U.S. and Canada, our agriculture and turf equipment is sold to distributors and dealers for resale in over 100 countries. Sales and administrative offices are located in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, China, France, Germany, India

--- CHUNK ---

lectronics, and ready-to-assemble components made to certain specifications. We also source various goods and services used for production, logistics, operations, and research and development. 
We develop and maintain sourcing strategies for our purchased materials and emphasize long-term supplier relationships at the core of these strategies. We use a variety of agreements with suppliers intended to drive innovation, maximize availability and delivery of raw materials and components, help manage costs on a globally competitive basis, protect our intellectual property, and minimize other supply-related risks. 
We are focused on increasing the resiliency of our supply chain and monitoring supply chain risks to minimize the likelihood of business disruptions caused by the supply base, including as a result of supplier financial viability, capacity, business continuity, labor availability, quality, delivery, cybersecurity, weather-related events, natural disasters, geo-political instability, and trade policies.
We have implemented mitigation efforts to minimize the impact of potential and actual supply chain disruptions on our customers. Examples include working with the supply base to prioritize allocations to improve material availability, multi-sourcing selected parts and materials, entering long-term contracts for some critical components, and using alternative freight carriers to expedite delivery. 
Backlog Orders
The dollar amount of backlog orders as of November 2, 2025, 