Item 1. Business
Introduction
Goldman Sachs is a leading global financial institution that delivers a broad range of financial services to a large and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. Our purpose is to advance sustainable economic growth and financial opportunity. Our goal, reflected in our One Goldman Sachs initiative, is to deliver the full range of our services and expertise to support our clients in a more accessible, comprehensive and efficient manner, across businesses and product areas. 
When we use the terms “Goldman Sachs,” “we,” “us,” “our” and "the firm," we mean The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (Group Inc. or parent company), a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries. When we use the term “our subsidiaries,” we mean the consolidated subsidiaries of Group Inc. References to “this Form 10-K” are to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. All references to 2024, 2023 and 2022 refer to our years ended, or the dates, as the context requires, December 31, 2024, December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively.
Group Inc. is a bank holding company (BHC) and a financial holding company (FHC) regulated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (FRB). Our U.S. depository institution subsidiary, Goldman Sachs Bank USA (GS Bank USA), is a New York State-chartered bank.
Our Business Segments
We manage and report our activities in three business s

--- CHUNK ---

AN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
As a market maker, we provide prices to clients globally across thousands of products in all major asset classes and markets. At times, we take the other side of transactions ourselves if a buyer or seller is not readily available, and at other times we connect our clients to other parties who want to transact. Our willingness to make markets, commit capital and take risk in a broad range of products is crucial to our client relationships. Market makers provide liquidity and play a critical role in price discovery, which contributes to the overall efficiency of the capital markets. In connection with our market-making activities, we maintain (i) market-making positions, typically for a short period of time, in response to, or in anticipation of, client demand, and (ii) positions to actively manage our risk exposures that arise from these market-making activities (collectively, inventory). 
We execute a high volume of transactions for our clients in large, highly liquid markets (such as markets for U.S. Treasury securities, stocks and certain agency mortgage pass-through securities). We also execute transactions for our clients in less liquid markets (such as mid-cap corporate bonds, emerging market currencies and certain non-agency mortgage-backed securities) for spreads and fees that are generally somewhat larger than those charged in more liquid markets. Additionally, we structure and execute transactions involving customized or tailor-

--- CHUNK ---

spin-offs. In particular, we help clients execute large, complex transactions for which we provide multiple services, including cross-border structuring expertise. We also assist our clients in managing their asset and liability exposures and their capital. 
•
Underwriting.
 We help companies raise capital to fund their businesses. As a financial intermediary, our job is to match the capital of our investing clients, who aim to grow the savings of millions of people, with the needs of our public and private sector clients, who need financing to generate growth, create jobs and deliver products and services. Our underwriting activities include public offerings and private placements in both local and cross-border transactions of a wide range of securities and other financial instruments, including acquisition financing. Underwriting consists of the following:
Equity underwriting. 
We underwrite common stock, preferred stock, convertible securities and exchangeable securities. We regularly receive mandates for large, complex transactions and have held a leading position in worldwide public common stock offerings and worldwide initial public offerings for many years.
Debt underwriting. 
We originate and underwrite various types of debt instruments, including investment-grade and high-yield debt, bank and bridge loans, including in connection with acquisition financing, and emerging- and growth-market debt, which may be issued by, among others, corporate, sovereign, municipal and

--- CHUNK ---

tivities.
•
Equities intermediation. 
We make 
markets in equity securities and equity-related products, including ETFs, convertible securities, options, futures and over-the-counter (OTC) derivative instruments. As a principal, we facilitate client transactions by providing liquidity to our clients, including by transacting in large blocks of stocks or derivatives, requiring the commitment of our capital. 
We also structure and make markets in derivatives on indices, industry sectors, financial measures and individual company stocks. We develop strategies and provide information about portfolio hedging and restructuring and asset allocation transactions for our clients. We also work with our clients to create specially tailored instruments to enable sophisticated investors to establish or liquidate investment positions or undertake hedging strategies. We are one of the leading participants in the trading and development of equity derivative instruments.
Our exchange-based market-making activities include making markets in stocks and ETFs, futures and options on major exchanges worldwide.
In addition, we generate commissions and fees from executing and clearing institutional client transactions on major stock, options and futures exchanges worldwide, as well as OTC transactions. We provide our clients with access to a broad spectrum of equity execution services, including electronic “low-touch” access and more complex “high-touch” execution through both traditional and electr

--- CHUNK ---

a variety of structures, including separately managed accounts, mutual funds, private partnerships and other commingled vehicles.
We also provide customized investment advisory solutions designed to address our clients’ investment needs. These solutions begin with identifying clients’ objectives and continue through portfolio construction, ongoing asset allocation and risk management and investment realization. We draw from a variety of third-party managers, as well as our proprietary offerings, to implement solutions for clients.
We also provide tailored wealth advisory services, primarily to ultra-high-net worth clients. We operate globally, serving individuals, families, family offices, and foundations and endowments. Our relationships are established directly or introduced through companies that sponsor financial wellness or financial planning programs for their employees, as well as through corporate referrals. 
We offer personalized financial planning to individuals and also provide customized investment advisory solutions, and offer structuring and execution capabilities in securities and derivative products across all major global markets. In addition, we offer clients a full range of private banking services, including a variety of deposit alternatives and loans that our clients use to finance investments in both financial and nonfinancial assets, bridge cash flow timing gaps or provide liquidity and flexibility for other needs. We also raise deposits from consumers 

--- CHUNK ---

ending revenues include net interest income allocated to deposits and net interest income earned on loans to individual clients.
•
Equity investments.
 Includes investing activities related to our asset management activities primarily related to public and private equity investments in corporate, real estate and infrastructure assets. We also make investments through consolidated investment entities, substantially all of which are engaged in real estate investment activities. In addition, we make investments in connection with our activities to satisfy requirements under the Community Reinvestment Act (CRA), primarily through our Urban Investment Group. 
•
Debt investments.
 Includes lending activities related to our asset management activities, including investing in corporate debt, lending to middle-market clients, and providing financing for real estate and other assets. These activities include investments in mezzanine debt, senior debt and distressed debt securities. 
4
Goldman Sachs 2024 Form 10-K
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Platform Solutions
Platform Solutions includes our consumer platforms and transaction banking and other.
Platform Solutions generates revenues from the following:
Consumer platforms.
 Our Consumer platforms business issues credit cards, and raises deposits from Apple Card customers. Consumer platforms revenues primarily includes net interest income earned on credit card lending activities. 
During 2024, we entered into an agreemen

--- CHUNK ---

& Technology Resilience Program is also subject to review by the FRB. The key elements of the program are crisis management, business continuity, technology resilience, business recovery, assurance and verification, and process improvement. In the area of information security, we have developed and implemented a framework of principles, policies and technology designed to protect the information provided to us by our clients and our own information from cyber attacks and other misappropriation, corruption or loss. Safeguards are designed to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information. 
Goldman Sachs 2024 Form 10-K
5
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Human Capital Management
Our people are our greatest asset. We believe that a major strength and principal reason for our success is the quality, dedication, determination and collaboration of our people, which enables us to serve our clients, generate long-term value for our shareholders and contribute to the broader community. 
Our Workforce 
Our goal is to attract, retain, and promote an exceptionally skilled workforce. We invest heavily in developing and supporting our people throughout their careers, and we strive to maintain a work environment that fosters professionalism, excellence, high standards of business ethics, teamwork and cooperation among our employees worldwide. 
We believe that the diversity of our workforce, including diversity of perspectives, enhances our performance-b

--- CHUNK ---

have the necessary coaching, sponsorship and advocacy to support their career trajectories and strengthen their leadership platforms. Many other career development initiatives are aimed at fostering talent at the analyst and associate levels. We also work closely with our leadership teams to promote diversity and inclusion. Our global and regional Inclusion Networks and Interest Forums are open to all of our professionals to promote and advance these goals.
Enhancing our people’s experience of internal mobility is a key focus, as we believe that this will inspire employees, help retain top talent and create diverse experiences to build future leaders.
Another important part of instilling our culture is our employee performance review process. Employees are reviewed by supervisors, co-workers and employees whom they supervise in a 360-degree review process that is integral to our team approach and includes an evaluation of an employee’s performance. Our approach to evaluating employee performance centers on providing robust, timely and actionable feedback that facilitates professional development. We have directed our managers, as leaders at the firm, to take an active coaching role with their teams. We also engage in “The Three Conversations at GS” through which managers establish goals with their team members at the start of the year, check in mid-year on progress and then close out the year with a conversation on performance against goals.
6
Goldman Sachs 2024 Form 10-K
THE

--- CHUNK ---

oal to train 1,000 Mental Health First Aiders by the end of 2024. We have evolved and strengthened virtual offerings to enhance access to support, with the aim of maintaining the physical and mental well-being of our people, and enhancing their effectiveness and productivity. We also launched a manager mental health training to help support leaders globally, achieving a completion rate of approximately 85%.
We understand the crucial role caregiving plays in the lives of our employees. To help enable employees to better balance their roles at work and their responsibilities at home, we offer a variety of family-centered benefits, including adoption and surrogacy stipends, as well as adult or childcare options to help our people navigate caregiving across various life stages. Employees also have access to our family care coordination services for comprehensive support and coaching across the caregiving continuum—from their transition to new parenthood to care for adult family members.
In addition, to support the financial wellness of our employees, we offer a variety of resources that help them manage their personal financial health and decision-making, including financial education information sessions, live and on-demand webinars, articles and interactive digital tools.
Global Reach and Strategic Locations
As a firm with a global client base, we take a strategic approach to attracting, developing and managing a global workforce. Our clients are located worldwide and we are an

--- CHUNK ---

sed on their sustainability objectives. Within Asset & Wealth Management, we provide clients sustainability-related capabilities, across public and private markets and open architecture, proprietary and third-party products, portfolio strategy and implementation, and specialist sustainability teams and strategies.
Our activities relating to sustainability present both financial and nonfinancial risks, and we have processes for managing these risks, similar to the other risks we face. We have integrated oversight of climate-related risks into our risk management governance structure, from senior management to our Board and its committees, including the Risk and Public Responsibilities committees. The Risk Committee of the Board oversees firmwide financial and nonfinancial risks, which include climate risk, and, as part of its oversight, receives updates on our risk management approach to climate risk. The Public Responsibilities Committee of the Board assists the Board in its oversight of our firmwide sustainability strategy and sustainability issues affecting us, including with respect to climate change. As part of its oversight, the Public Responsibilities Committee receives periodic updates on our sustainability strategy and disclosures, and also periodically reviews our governance and related policies and processes for climate and other sustainability-related matters. We have also implemented the Environmental & Social Due Diligence Guidelines to guide our overall risk-bas