Item 1A of the 2024 Form 10-K.
These statements may relate to, among other things, (i) our future plans and results, including our target ROE, ROTE, efficiency ratio, CET1 capital ratio and firmwide total credit alternative assets, and how they can be achieved, (ii) trends in or growth opportunities for our businesses, including the timing, costs, profitability, benefits and other aspects of business and strategic initiatives, such as OneGS 3.0, and their impact on our efficiency ratio, (iii) the opportunities and challenges presented by AI, (iv) our Investment banking fees backlog and future advisory and capital markets results, (v) expenses we may incur, including the level of future compensation expense, (vi) the projected growth of our deposits and other funding, (vii) our business and expense savings initiatives, (viii) our planned benchmark debt issuances, (ix) our credit exposures, (x) our expected provision for credit losses and the adequacy of our allowance for credit losses, (xi) the narrowing of our consumer business, (xii) the objectives and effectiveness of our BCP, information security program, risk management and liquidity policies, (xiii) our resolution plan and its implications for stakeholders, (xiv) the effect of changes to regulations, and our future status, activities or reporting under banking and financial regulation, (xv) our expected tax rate, (xvi) the future state of our liquidity and regulatory capital ratios, and our prospective capital distributions (including dividends and repurchases), (xvii) our expected SCB and G-SIB surcharge, (xviii) legal proceedings, governmental investigations or other contingencies, (xix) the asset recovery guarantee related to our 1Malaysia Development Berhad settlements, (xx) the effectiveness of our management of our human capital and changes in headcount, (xxi) future inflation, (xxii) our ability to sell, and the terms of any proposed or pending sales of, Asset & Wealth Management historical principal investments, (xxiii) the profitability of Platform Solutions, (xxiv) the effectiveness of our cybersecurity risk management process and (xxv) our completed, announced and prospective acquisitions. 
171
Goldman Sachs September 2025 Form 10-Q
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Statements about our target ROE, ROTE, efficiency ratio and expense savings, and how they can be achieved, are based on our current expectations regarding our business prospects and are subject to the risk that we may be unable to achieve our targets due to, among other things, changes in our business mix and inability to grow our businesses and execute our strategy. 
Statements about our target ROE, ROTE and CET1 capital ratio, and how they can be achieved, are based on our current expectations regarding the capital requirements applicable to us and are subject to the risk that our actual capital requirements may be higher than currently anticipated because of, among other factors, changes in the regulatory capital requirements applicable to us resulting from changes in regulations, including as a result of any revisions to the U.S. bank regulatory capital rules, or the interpretation or application of existing regulations or changes in the nature and composition of our activities.
Statements about our total credit alternative assets targets are based on our current expectations regarding our fundraising prospects and are subject to the risk that actual inflows may be lower than expected due to, among other factors, competition from other asset managers, changes in investment preferences and changes in economic or market conditions. 
Statements about the timing, costs, profitability, benefits and other aspects of business and expense savings initiatives, the level and composition of more durable revenues and increases in market share and the narrowing of our consumer business are based on our current expectations regarding our ability to implement these initiatives, and actual results may differ, possibly materially, from our current expectations due to, among other things, a delay in the timing of these initiatives, increased competition and an inability to reduce expenses and grow businesses with more durable revenues or to exit certain consumer businesses. 
Statements about expenses we may incur, our level of future compensation expense, including as a percentage of both operating expenses and net revenues, net of provision for credit losses, and our efficiency ratio are subject to the risks that the compensation and other costs to operate our businesses may be greater than currently expected. 
Statements about our Investment banking fees backlog and future advisory and capital market results are subject to the risk that advisory and capital market activity may not increase as we expect or that such transactions may be modified or may not be completed at all, and related net revenues may not be realized or may be materially less than expected. Important factors that could have such a result include, for underwriting transactions, a decline or weakness in general economic conditions, changes in international trade policies (including the potential for new or increased tariffs), an outbreak or worsening of hostilities, volatility in the securities markets or an adverse development with respect to the issuer of the securities and, for financial advisory transactions, a decline in the securities markets, an inability to obtain adequate financing, an adverse development with respect to a party to the transaction or a failure to obtain a required regulatory approval. 
Statements about the projected growth of our deposits and other funding and our platform solutions business, are subject to the risk that actual growth, savings and profitability may differ, possibly materially, from that currently anticipated due to, among other things, changes in interest rates and competition from other similar products. 
Statements about planned benchmark debt issuances are subject to the risk that actual issuances may differ, possibly materially, from that currently expected due to changes in market conditions, business opportunities or our funding and projected liquidity needs. 
Statements about our expected provision for credit losses are subject to the risk that actual credit losses may differ and our expectations may change, possibly materially, from that currently anticipated due to, among other things, changes to the composition of our loan portfolio and changes in the economic environment in future periods and our forecasts of future economic conditions, as well as changes in our models, policies and other management judgments. 
Goldman Sachs September 2025 Form 10-Q
172
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Statements about our future effective tax rate are subject to the risk that it may differ from the anticipated rate indicated in such statements, possibly materially, due to, among other things, changes in the tax rates applicable to us, changes in our earnings mix, our profitability and entities in which we generate profits, the assumptions we have made in forecasting our expected tax rate, the interpretation or application of existing tax statutes and regulations, as well as any corporate tax legislation that may be enacted or any guidance that may be issued by the IRS or in the other jurisdictions in which we operate (including Global Anti-Base Erosion (Pillar II) guidance). 
Statements about the future state of our liquidity and regulatory capital ratios (including our SCB and G-SIB surcharge), and our prospective capital distributions (including dividends and repurchases), are subject to the risk that our actual liquidity, regulatory capital ratios and capital distributions may differ, possibly materially, from what is currently expected due to, among other things, the need to use capital to support clients, increased regulatory requirements resulting from changes in regulations or the interpretation or application of existing regulations, results of applicable supervisory stress tests, changes to the composition of our balance sheet and our results of operations. Statements about the estimated impact of proposed, but not finalized, capital rules are subject to change as the proposed rules may change, the final rules may differ from the proposed rules and our balance sheet composition will change. As a consequence, we may underestimate the actual impact of the final rules.
Statements about the risk exposure related to the asset recovery guarantee provided to the Government of Malaysia are subject to the risk that we may be unsuccessful in our arbitration against the Government of Malaysia. 
Statements about our objectives in management of our human capital are based on our current expectations and are subject to the risk that we may not achieve these objectives. 
Statements about future inflation are subject to the risk that actual inflation may differ, possibly materially, due to, among other things, changes in economic growth, unemployment or consumer demand. 
Statements about the proposed or pending sales of Asset & Wealth Management historical principal investments are subject to the risks that buyers may not bid on these assets or bid at levels, or with terms, that are unacceptable to us, and that the performance of these activities may deteriorate as a result of the proposed and pending sales. 
Statements about the effectiveness of our cybersecurity risk management process are subject to the risk that measures we have implemented to safeguard our systems (and third parties that we interface with) may not be sufficient to prevent a successful cybersecurity attack or a material security breach that results in the disclosure of confidential information or otherwise disrupts our operations. 
173
Goldman Sachs September 2025 Form 10-Q
Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk are set forth in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Risk Management” in Part I, Item 2 of this Form 10-Q.
Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
As of the end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation was carried out by our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. In addition, no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the quarter ended September 2025 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
PART II. OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
We are involved in a number of judicial, regulatory and arbitration proceedings concerning matters arising in connection with the conduct of our businesses. Many of these proceedings are in early stages, and many of these cases seek an indeterminate amount of damages. We have estimated the upper end of the range of reasonably possible aggregate loss for matters where we have been able to estimate a range and we believe, based on currently available information, that the results of matters where we have not been able to estimate a range of reasonably possible loss, in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, but may be material to our operating results in a given period. Given the range of litigation and investigations presently under way, our litigation expenses may remain high. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Use of Estimates” in Part I, Item 2 of this Form 10-Q. See Notes 18 and 27 to the consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for information about our reasonably possible aggregate loss estimate and judicial, regulatory and legal proceedings. 
Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
The table below presents purchases made by or on behalf of Group Inc. or any “affiliated purchaser” (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act) of our common stock during the three months ended September 2025. 
Total
Shares
Purchased
Average
Price Paid
Per Share
Total Shares
Purchased as
Part of a Publicly
Announced Program
Dollar Value of Remaining Authorized Repurchases 
($ in millions)
July
1,884,056
$
719.24
 
1,883,981
$
35,645
 
August
899,162
$
717.25
 
899,162
$
35,000
 
September
–
$
–
 
–
$
35,000
 
Total
2,783,218
2,783,143
In the table above, total shares purchased included 75 shares during July 2025 remitted to satisfy statutory withholding taxes related to share-based awards.
During the first quarter of 2025, our Board approved a share repurchase program authorizing repurchases of up to $40 billion of our common stock. This program replaced our previous share repurchase program and has no set expiration or termination date. The share repurchases are effected primarily through regular open-market purchases (which may include repurchase plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1 and accelerated share repurchases), the amounts and timing of which are determined primarily by our current and projected capital position, and capital deployment opportunities, but which may also be influenced by the evolution of current and future regulatory capital requirements, general market conditions and the prevailing price and trading volumes of our common stock. 
Item 5. Other Information
Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans
During the three months ended September 2025, no directors or executive officers 
entered into
, modified or 
terminated
, contracts, instructions or written plans for the sale or purchase of Group Inc.’s securities that were intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1 or that constituted non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K).
Goldman Sachs September 2025 Form 10-Q
174
Item 6. Exhibits 
Exhibits 
15.1     
Letter re: Unaudited Interim Financial Information. 
31.1     
Rule 13a-14(a) Certifications
. 
32.1    
Section 1350 Certifications (This information is furnished and not filed for purposes of Sections 11 and 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). 
101     Pursuant to Rules 405 and 406 of Regulation S-T, the following information is formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024, (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024, (vi) the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and (vii) the cover page.
104    Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in iXBRL in Exhibit 101).
SIGNATURES 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC.
By:
/s/
Denis P. Coleman III
Name:
Denis P. Coleman III
Title:
Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer)
Date:
October 31, 2025
By:
/s/
Sheara J. Fredman
Name:
Sheara J. Fredman
Title:
Chief Accounting Officer
(Principal Accounting Officer)
Date:
October 31, 2025
 
175
Goldman Sachs September 2025 Form 10-Q